2.2 Heart transplants, Part II. Exercise 1.50 introduces the Stanford Heart Transplant Study.
Of the 34 patients in the control group, 4 were alive at the end of the study. Of the 69 patients in
the treatment group, 24 were alive. The contingency table below summarizes these results.

(a) What proportion of patients in the treatment group and what proportion of patients in the
control group died? 
Proportion of patients in the treatment group that died: 45/69 = 0.65
Proportion of patients in the control group that died: 30/34 = 0.88

(b) One approach for investigating whether or not the treatment is effective is to use a randomization technique.

i. What are the claims being tested? Use the same null and alternative hypothesis notation
used in the section.
H_0 = The treatment is not effective. I.e. Receiving the treatment does not allow someone to live longer.
H_A = The treatment is effective in enabling patients to live longer. 

ii. The paragraph below describes the set up for such approach, if we were to do it without using statistical software. 
Fill in the blanks with a number or phrase, whichever is appropriate.

We write alive on   28   cards representing patients who were alive at
the end of the study, and dead on   75   cards representing patients
who were not. Then, we shuffle these cards and split them into two groups:
one group of size   69   representing treatment, and another group of
size   34   representing control. We calculate the difference between
the proportion of dead cards in the treatment and control groups (treatment -
control) and record this value. We repeat this many times to build a distribution
centered at   0.65-0.88=-0.23   . Lastly, we calculate the fraction of simulations where
the simulated differences in proportions are      . If this fraction is low,
we conclude that it is unlikely to have observed such an outcome by chance and
that the null hypothesis should be rejected in favor of the alternative.

iii. What do the simulation results shown below suggest about the effectiveness of the transplant program?
The results provide strong evidence against the null hypothesis, 
and there is strong evidence to conclude the heart transplant was a success since the difference between the 100 simulations is centered near zero. 















